hi you're gonna be okay you okay yeah
thanks mom
a lab is only as good as its leaders
somebody help me hey leave him alone a
true king is brave and noble don't be a
hero on the King around here you have
more battles rectify
now you must choose what you stand for
various scores he was found something
written in the guard put it into google
translate it means sort of art what if
you're the only person who could have
pulled that sword out
what if it's Excalibur ah finally follow
me
I am Merlin thought mine was post being
a wife an ingenious disguise do you
think in four days the dark sorcerer
Morgana will take over the world it's
ridiculous there's your sore back and
good luck with everything you're a king
Alexander the sword chose you why do we
help you because you're the strongest
people I know you're my Knights and this
is the round table quick butters lift up
the flaps oh my god you're such a nerd
this is this
just like in every story we have a right
Luke Skywalker Harry Potter something
amazing happens they find out they
descended from magical families mom
don't freak out okay
this is the best and
oh hey the ones the future king
please don't it's embarrassing
would you drive Mario Kart
[Music]